# Weekly Report 3
**Time spent:** 8.5 hours

Unlike last week, I did not manage to meet my goals this week. I did finish up the automated tests for the things I made last week but that is the only goal I managed to successfully complete this week.

I started researching Prim's algorithm as it's supposed to be the core of this project. A dungeon needs corridors between the rooms after all. I managed to put together something that creates some sort of corridors but at the moment, it has a few quirks I have to fix next week, mainly the tendency to add bits of corridor that are completely disconnected from other bits of corridor. I fixed this with a band-aid solution and wrote the tests for the current iteration of the algorithm.

I also created the testing document that details the automated tests I have implemented so far, including the ones I created this week.

The program has definitely improved even though I did not manage to do as much as I wished to do this week. The program can create unattached corridors around whatever rooms have already been placed on the map. The corridors do not yet work correctly but they are there.

This week, the importance of testing was enforced in my mind. When writing the final tests for last week's results, I noticed something that may have lead to a bug in the future. The fact that I caught it with testing early on definitely makes future development a lot easier.

I also learned the basic gist of randomized Prim's algorithm and mazes generated by it. It is apparently not the best algorithm for creating difficult mazes but functions quite well for my use in this project.

The randomized Prim's algorithm has also been the most difficult part of this week. It is an almost completely unfamiliar algorithm to me and making it work properly is a challenge of its own.

For next week, I will want to at least reach the rest of the goals I set for myself this week. I would wish for the possibility of starting to create the graphical user interface but if this week's scheduling is anything to go by, I find it unlikely that I can even start with the GUI.